and he's going to look straight down
just checking on the last few details
looking at heads and expressions the
outline and balance of the dog variety
of size and shape here pyrenean looks
beautiful this evening Nord English
Sheepdog happy face of the Laughing
Cavalier the Sami who's it going to be
our pastor or group winner our second
group winner of the evening of course
going through to the finals on Sunday
it's like cardigan logging what an
achievement for the brain specimen
region being a big winner of the last eh
is still relatively young beautiful
title look every time champion by Mills
picture this owned by Sarah Taylor and
brad beyer as well what a fantastic
achievement for them this smooth collie
is going to go into group two wonderful
winter smooth collie here at crops in
fact
in this group to be selected a beardy
and ever-popular perennial region castle
group taken group 3 and thus am I going
into group or a very good winner there
this beautiful carnival in winning the
rooster and Robin soul congratulating
the deserving vinyl for a baton that
selection of a they've all done
fantastically well to get through to
this level but the winner is on the hook
me Hartigan coffee ena she's only two
years and 11 months old has 19 CCS
already as you say Frank an
extraordinary achievement and for the
braids beautiful top-line beautiful
outline and she's a great show girl for
the breed their watchful into money but
she really likes the jostle group long
day today obviously we were here very
early this morning so we had a truth--it
run she won than the breed this morning
and then we've been basically waiting
all afternoon getting more and more
nervous and anxious and yeah it's been a
fantastic day
yeah he's had a wonderful year she was
top of pastoral group last year she's
the only cardigan Corky in the UK that's
able by the group she's now on poor
groups but up until last year no Cartman
called me in 80 years of showing the
screen their car Gunners ever won a
group of the championship she's quite
unique
you